{
  "need_cv": true,
  "questions": [
    "What is the compensation range for this position?",
    "Can you elaborate on the 'economic model' aspect of the product concept development? What kind of modeling experience is expected?"
  ],
  "reasoning": "The job description aligns well with the candidate's self-identified areas of interest and strength, but some aspects are unclear and require clarification before a comprehensive assessment can be made. Candidate is looking for roles in a B2C company, and this company creates mobile apps. Candidate likes data analysis and marketing optimization, so he will be able to conduct market research and competitive analysis. \n\nHere is how the job aligns with candidate \"Must Haves\" and \"Must Nots\"\nMust Haves: Autonomy: The description mentions 'directly influence its development' which suggests the opportunity to make product decisions. Mentorship: The listing does not explicitly mention a mentor. Clear Vision & Goals: The job description mentions 'Develop and shape the product concept,' which may require strategic discussions, an area where the candidate is less comfortable. Stimulating Tasks: The description states 'Interesting tasks where your opinions and ideas truly matter.' Experimentation: Experience in testing and validating product hypotheses suggests a culture that embraces learning from failures. Sense of Community: The listing lacks information about community building or team activities. Fair Compensation: The compensation is not disclosed. Defined Processes: 'Comfort in processes, with no long approval chains' aligns with established processes. Hybrid Work: 'Remote work format from anywhere in the world' aligns with the candidate's preferences. Language Proficiency: The listing does not specify the primary language for communication. Must-Nots: Sketchy Business: The description does not provide enough information. Micromanagement: 'Comfort in processes, with no long approval chains' suggests no micromanagement. Lack of Managerial Support: There is not enough information about Managerial Support. Poor Work-Life Balance: The description does not provide enough information about Work-Life Balance. Vague Mission/Vision: The job description mentions 'Develop and shape the product concept,' which may require strategic discussions. Closed Communication: There is not enough information about closed communication. Unconstructive Feedback: There is not enough information about unconstructive feedback. Lack of Interaction: The listing does not include information about in-person interaction and collaboration. Limited Transparency: The listing does not provide enough information about transparency.",
  "score": 6
}